PROGRAMME ASSESSMENT COMMITTEE (PAC)

Academic Year: 2024–2025

The Programme Assessment Committee (PAC) of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering is responsible for monitoring academic quality, coordinating curriculum delivery, evaluating programme outcomes, supporting continuous improvement, and ensuring effective implementation of Outcome-Based Education (OBE).

--------------------------------------------------
Department Leadership

Head of the Department
• Dr. R. Subha
  Professor and Head, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

UG Programme Assessment Committee (PAC) Coordinator
• Dr. T. Sivakumar
  Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

--------------------------------------------------
Module Coordinators

Module Coordinator 1
Course: Discrete Mathematics
Faculty: Ms. A. Revathy
Designation: Assistant Professor, Department of Mathematics

Module Coordinator 2
Course: Design and Analysis of Algorithms (Theory and Practical)
Faculty: Ms. B. Suchithra
Designation: Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Module Coordinator 3
Course: Database Management Systems (Theory and Practical)
Faculty: Ms. N. Gayathri
Designation: Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Module Coordinator 4
Course: Software Engineering
Faculty: Dr. S. K. Hari Karthik
Designation: Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Module Coordinator 5
Course: Digital Principles and Computer Organization
Faculty: Dr. V. V. Teresa
Designation: Associate Professor, Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering

Module Coordinator 6
Course: Java Programming (Theory and Practical)
Faculty: Mr. R. Giridharan
Designation: Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Module Coordinator 7
Course: Automata Theory and Compiler Design
Faculty: Dr. S. Sampath Kumar
Designation: Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Module Coordinator 8
Course: Cloud Computing (Theory and Practical)
Faculty: Dr. S. Ananthi
Designation: Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Module Coordinator 9
Course: Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (Theory and Practical)
Faculty: Ms. V. Niranjani
Designation: Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Module Coordinator 10
Course: Computer Networks
Faculty: Dr. N. Kumareshan
Designation: Professor, Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering

Module Coordinator 11
Course: Principles of Management
Faculty: Dr. G. Gokilakrishnan
Designation: Associate Professor, Department of Mechanical Engineering

Module Coordinator 12
Course: Cryptography and Network Security
Faculty: Mr. M. Praveen Kumar
Designation: Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Module Coordinator 13
Course: Ethical Hacking
Faculty: Dr. A. Sarfaraz Ahmed
Designation: Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Module Coordinator 14
Course: Software Project Management
Faculty: Ms. M. Abinaya
Designation: Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

--------------------------------------------------
Academic Coordinators

Board of Studies (BoS) Coordinator
• Dr. S. Yuvaraj
  Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Events Coordinator
• Ms. V. Niranjani
  Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Examination Cell Coordinator
• Mr. P. Arun Prakash
  Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Placement Coordinator
• Ms. A. Mohanraj
  Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

NPTEL Coordinator
• Ms. N. Gayathri
  Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

Industrial Visit Coordinator
• Mr. B. Saravanan
  Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering

--------------------------------------------------
Summary

The Programme Assessment Committee consists of the Head of the Department, PAC Coordinator, module coordinators for core courses, and academic coordinators responsible for curriculum implementation, assessment, examinations, placements, industry interaction, NPTEL activities, and continuous quality improvement of the Computer Science and Engineering programme.